Title: 
Epic Games raises $2bn from Lego and Sony to develop metaverse vision

Description: 
It seems as if Epic Games are not slowing down when it comes to raising big bags of bills to create and 
develop newer and more extremely competitive software and hardware. Unreal Engine 5 is their latest
cake in the oven and has already shown to be unbelievably dedicated to providing a crisp, ultra-HD rendered
graphics, and maximising Ray Tracing capabilities. These poor systems are really having an intense
workout while running these graphical video-game beasts.

In their latest move however, they have managed to raise over 2 billion dollars to create and develop 
metaverse vision along with Sony and Lego. This puts their evaluation well over 31 billion dollars which is 
a lot - A LOT, of money. This of course dwarfs in comparison to XBox's massive acquisition over Blizzard
which was estimated to be worth over 70 billion dollars. 

Now Epic Games looks to pioneer in another emerging tech field called the metaverse. They are tasked at
creating a family-fruiendly metaverse which explores connections between physical and digital worlds.
They have dedicated to signing a long-term partnership with Lego as they believe them along with Sony share 
the vision of Epic Games. This will be an interesting story to follow and to see how Epic tackle the 
metaverse space!

Title: 
Adorable Elden Ring Art Turns Ranni Into a Rock Star

Description: 
Elsen Ring has been taken the gaming world by storm and has absolutely smashed every target that 
From Software have set for themselves. The game is truly a masterpiece. I, myself, have spend a copious
amount of hours in the game and have loved every single second. From the blissful exploration, the freaky
and wonderful creatures, or the gorgeous scenery, the game has truly been extraordinary in every aspect.

With a brilliant game spawns a brilliant community and one Elden Ring fan has created a piece of fan art that makes
Ranni the Witch look like an absolute Rockstar. Ranni is one of the many npc's you may encounter along 
your journey and is essential to the lore and storytelling of the world of Elden Ring. Her questline is one 
of the main story branches within the game. Upon completion of this questline, a unique ending will
be unlocked.

Now, context out of the way, onto the fanart. A redditor by the name of RedEyesRagdoll shared his unique
piece of fanart which depicts Ranni holding a double electric guitar. This is relevant as Ranni has multiple arms
so seeing her play a double electric is quite the sight to see. The image went viral on reddit and became another 
piece in the world of memes. Gotta love communities am I right?

Title: 
Ubisoft makes game free to play for Limited Time

Description:
Ubisoft has announced that they will be letting anyone try out their popular city-builder for free for only a week
before deciding if they want to purchase the game or not.Anno 1800 is a new IP from Ubisoft and they are 
celebrating the game's 4th season by allowing people to give it a spin for a week! So make sure to grab a copy 
and give it a try.

New Anno players will continue their campaigns after upgrading to the paid version so no progress will 
be lost which is always nice. Nobody likes to start all over again. Not fun. The 4th Season also comes with 
another DLC which will introduce a bunch of new mechanics, buildings and more. 

The game takes place during the 19th century during the Industrial Revolution in Europe and America. Just like
other city-builders, the game will focus on economics, management and trade. Players need to build up their main 
City in the Old World while also building and managing New World Colonies to supply it with raw resources. Anno 1800 
players also need to keep their eyes out for rival companies and can do so in single-player, co-op, or PVP modes.

Title: 
XBOX Acquires Activision Blizzard for $70bn

Description:
In a massive move by Microsoft, XBOX studios has decided to make a massive deal with Activition and acquire the company
for a whopping 70 BILLION dollars! How does Microsoft even have that much just laying around? Bill Gates I guess. Anyway this is huge
as it may change the course of title releases forever and could even have an immediate effect on current titles and the rights of said title.

This acquision can cause a headache for Sony as XBOX now has the power to make certain titles which were published by Activision exclusive
to XBOX which will cause PlayStation users to take a big hit should Microsoft choose to take the greedy path of exclusivity. The deal has been finalised
however it will still take time for things to come into full effect. Unitl then, we will just have to wait and see what happens.

Sony did make their own acquision of another publisher which has given them some push back in this never-ending console war. All we know 
is that XBOX have seriously stepped up and have taken charge. They want to be heard and not living in Sony's shadow. Well, they brought out
the big boy guns so lets see what they will do with them!

Title: 
Battlefield 2042's Steam Player Count Already Falls Below 1,000

Description:
In just around six months after release, Battlefield 2042 player count on Steam has already fallen below 1,000 according to the latest data.
EA continues to have a hard time with its flagship multiplayer first-person shooter, Battlefield 2042. While previous Battlefield games were 
known to have issues at launch, they usually recovered after some period of time.

Battlefield 2042 was released in November 2021 and is solely multiplayer, foregoing the single-player campaign of previous games in the series.
 Being multiplayer-focused, Battlefield 2042 heavily relies on player count, and this recent development clearly isn't a good sign for a game that 
has just been out for around six months, especially one that comes from a longstanding franchise such as Battlefield.